feat(getting-started): Switch from manual setup to sentry-wizard for Android and iOS in getting started (#7767)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-install/android.mdx

> We recommend installing the SDK through our installation wizard. Just run the following command inside your project directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend installing the SDK through our installation wizard by running the following command inside your project directory:
```

```bash
brew install getsentry/tools/sentry-wizard && sentry-wizard -i android
```

> The wizard will prompt you to log in to Sentry. It will then automatically do the following steps for you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wizard will prompt you to log in to Sentry. It'll then automatically do the following steps for you:
```
